src/pages/Octopath-Traveler-II/Single-Story/Hikari.mdx, before:

import Layout from 'src/components/Octopath/layout'

export default ({ children }) => <Layout>{children}</Layout>;

<SEO title="Octopath Traveler II Hikari Single Story"/>

##### Battle 1
Attack x2 with both

##### Battle 2
- Hikari: Attack x2 Officer
- Ritsu: Wild Cut x2 Officer
- Rai Mei: Sweep x2

##### Battle 3
###### T1
- Hikari: Attack x2 General
- Ritsu: Wild Cut x2 General
- Rai Mei: Sweep

###### T2
- Hikari: Attack Officer
- Ritsu: Attack Officer
- Rai Mei: Sweep x3

Note if you got a Wind S drop.

Challenge: Aggressive Slash x2, Attack (Hachimongiri if miss)
Learn **Double Slash**. *Can skip if you have Wind S*
Pick **$1600** before Bribe.
Get **Fire S**.

<Battle>

#### Ritsu 1850HP 5S (Sword Bow Fire)
1. Fire S
2. Wind S
3. Aggressive Slash
4. Attack
5. Piercing Thrust x4
6. Attack
7. Defend
8. Attack
9. Aggressive Slash x2/3
10. Hienka x3/4

---

#### No Wind S
1. Attack Ritsu's Footman (Up)
2. Fire S
3. Hachimongiri x2 Ritsu's Footman
4. Double Slash
5. Attack (x2 if miss)
6. Double Slash
7. Piercing Thrust x4
8. Aggressive Slash x2 (no boost if miss)
9. Attack (If only 1 shield or Ritsu before you next turn and can kill you, Defend. Can also Heal)
10. Defend
11. Attack (Break) / Defend if 2 Shields left and Attack x2 next turn
12. Hienka x4

</Battle>

Go to Oresrush

### Oresrush
Get Partitio. Go towards Crackridge Harbor.
Pick **$1600**. Tag **Anchorage**, TP **Oresrush**.

### Oresrush
Purchase **Unerring Earring**.

> You can try to get all Conoct ingredients at Black Market instead of shops. If you do, skip all Conoct shops.

Go to Item Shop, buy **3 Darkdelion**. Hire guy for **Smooth Talker**.
TP **Crackridge Anchorage**, take boat to **New Delsta: Anchorage**.

### New Delsta Anchorage
Tag **Abandoned Village**.
Walk to **Cape Cold** area.
Walk to & get **Oswald**
Go to **Cape Cold**.

### Cape Cold
Mug: Icewind, Fireball x3
Pick **$2000**. 
TP **New Delsta Anchorage**. Take boat to **Beasting Bay: Anchorage**.

### Beasting Bay: Anchorage
Buy **White Powder**.
Take boat to **Canalbrine**.

### Canalbrine
Get Castti.
Turn in quest.
Go to Item Shop.

<Menu>

##### Buy
- 11 Lily of the Light

</Menu>

Go to Weapon Shop.

<Menu>

##### Buy
- Crit Earring

##### Sell
- Gold Items
- Crit M

</Menu>

TP **Abandoned Village**.

### Abandoned Village
Go to **Black Market**. Pick **Herb of Serenity**.
Get Cleric, then:

<Menu>

##### Buy
1 Fire S
1 Ice S
1 Thunder S
1 Fire M
1 Ice M
**7** Shadow M

</Menu>

TP **Ryu**.

### Ryu
Go to Item Shop.

<Menu>

##### Buy
3 Blusterbloom

</Menu>

Exit and head to Conning Creek.

Ryu Sands: Kill night battle with Shadow M
Canalbrine Bridge: Kill 2 land night battles with Shadow M.

Western Conning Creek kill night battle with Shadow M.

<Menu>

##### Skills
- Partitio: +Donate BP +Hired Help
- Osvald: +Lightning Bolt +Analyze

##### Equip Skills
- Partitio: +[2]Grow on Trees
- Osvald: +[2]Evasive Maneuvers

</Menu>

### Conning Creek
Pick **Rainbow Bottle**. TP **New Delsta: Anchorage**

### New Delsta: Anchorage
Go to Inventor. Get ASA. Head to Montwise.
Bolderfall battle kill with Fire M.

### Montwise
Mug Dazzling Artwork guy (**Thunder** M)

TP **Crackridge Harbor: Anchorage**.

##### Crackridge Harbor: Anchorage
Head towards Merchant Guild. After battle menu.

<Menu>

##### Equip Skills
All: +[1]A Step Ahead

</Menu>

Southern Crackridge Wilds: Break encounter and flee. Pick **$6400**.
Western Crackridge Wilds: Break encounter and flee. Get **Merchant Guild**. Pick **Thunder M**. Pick **$8500**.
TP **Oresrush**.

### Oresrush
Head to **Wellgrove**.

##### Northern Wellgrove Trail
Pick **Wind M**. Kill battle with Shadow M + damage on Moose. Pick **Pom L**.

##### Eastern Wellgrove Trail
Kill battle with Shadow M + damage on Moose.
Enter **Wellgrove**. 

### Wellgrove
TP **Montwise**.

##### Montwise
Head towards Stormhail.
Western Montwise Pass: Break with Staff/Sword on front ones, Spear/Axe on Auroch.
Northern Montwise Pass: HHG x2 unless Big Monkey, then Osvald Attack x2 big one, Pom S Partitio, and Partitio Defend > HHG x4.

Southern Stormhail Snows: Reptalios & Snow Leopards HHGx3, others HHG x2

### Stormhail
Buy **Treasured Necklace** for quest.
Mug guy in Weapon Shop (Wind M)

<Menu>

##### Sell
Dazzling Artwork
Weapons
Accessories

</Menu>

TP **Montwise**.

### Montwise (C2)
Purchase **Wind M**.

<Menu>

> If short for Partitio, do it in menu after Ch.2

##### Jobs
- Hikari: Merchant, +Collect +Donate BP +Hired Help
- Partitio: +Collect
- Osvald: **Inventor**

##### Equip Skills
- Hikari: -[1]A Step Ahead +[1]Grow on Trees +[2]Boost Start
- Partitio: +[3] Boost Start

</Menu>

Challenge 1: Spear x3, Wind M
Challenge 2: Ice M
Challenge 3: HHG x2
Challenge 4: HHG x3

<Battle>

#### Bandelam 20000HP 6S (Spear Dagger Axe Fire Light)
##### Turn 1
- Partitio: HHR x2
- Osvald: Defend
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: (L) Axe x3
- Castti: Attack x3
- Hikari: HHG x4

</Battle>

TP **Oresrush**.

### Wellgrove (C3)

<Menu>

##### Equip Skills
- Hikari: +[4]A Step Ahead

</Menu>

Buy **Wind M & Wind L**.

Kill battle with HHG x2.
Pick **$10000**.
1st battle HHG x3

General Rou: Pom M, Spear x4, HHG x3

TP **Stormhail**

### Stormhail (C4)
Kunzo: Crit Scope, Merchants Defend. Collect x4 + HHB x4
Jin Mei: Attack, Attack, Defend, Wild Cut x2, Wild Cut x4

Pick **Thunder M**, **$16000**.

#### Mei Castle Battles
You want to ideally break and flee from these.

- (15%) [3]Clan Mei Spearman x2: Use Sword and Bow to break.
- (15%) [2]War Dog x2, [3]Clan Mei Spearman: Axe/Bow on Dogs, Sword/Bow on Spearman
- (15%) [4]Thunder Guardian Mk.II x2: Sword and Bow.
- (15%) [2]Albino Bat x4: Spear, Bow, Staff, Dark. Concoct with Castti?
- (15%) [3]Clan Mei Spearman, [2]War Dog, [1]Thunder Sentinel Mk.II: Can use any default weapon to break the Sentinel
- (15%) [3]Thunder Curator Mk.II, [4]Thunder Guardian Mk.II, [1]Thunder Sentinel Mk.II. Merchant breaks Curator
- (10%) [2]Albino Bat x2, [3]Frostwing Serpent: Spear/Staff everything, Castti does nothing.

> If you need money, can pick up **Nightmare Glaive**. Sells for $9000 with Smooth Talker.

<Battle>

#### Rai Mei 55000HP 7S (Sword Staff Ice Light) $36000 Collect
##### Turn 1
- M1: HHR x3
- M2: HHB x3
- Osvald: Crit Scope Rai Mei
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 2
- Castti: Lily of the Light x4
- M1: Pom L M2
- M2: HHB x4

##### Turn 3
- M1: Collect x2
- M2: HHG x2

</Battle>

TP **Wellgrove**, head to **Ku**.

Eastern Wellgrove Trail: Walk to skip battle.
Western Sai Sands: Run from battle. Or break with Axe on back guys and Sword on Weed.
Pick **Reinforcing Jam**.
Eastern Ku Sands: S&Q.

### Southern Ku Sands (C5)
Buy 2 Forget-me-do. Can skip if drop somewhere and Castti has Latent.
Need **$83600**. Can sell Refreshing Jam + Nuts if needed.

<Battle>

#### Ritsu 75000HP 7S (Spear Bow Fire Shadow) $10000 Collect
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Spear
- Partitio: Attack
- Osvald: Spring Boots Self
- Castti: [LP if you have it] Forget-me-do + Darkdelion x2

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: E.Bottle x3
- Hikari: HHR x2
- Partitio: Donate BP Hikari
- Castti: Wind M

##### Turn 3
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Merchants: HHB x4

---

#### Partitio Latent Variation (~9s faster)
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Spear
- Partitio: Attack x3
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 2
- Castti: [LP if you have it] Forget-me-do + Darkdelion x3
- Osvald: Wind M
- Hikari: Defend
- Partitio: [LP] HHR x2

##### Turn 3
- Merchants: HHB x4

---

#### Partitio Latent Collect (~14s slower than no Collect Latent)
> This fight requires Hikari Ember

##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Ember
- Partitio: [LP] Collect x4
- Osvald: Spring Boots Self
- Castti: [LP if you have it] Forget-me-do + Darkdelion

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: Elemental Bottle x3
- Hikari: HHR
- Partitio: Donate BP Hikari
- Castti: Wind M

##### Turn 3
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Merchants: HHB x4

</Battle>

<Battle>

#### King Mugen 80000HP 6S (Spear Axe Thunder Light) $18000 Collect
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Thunder M
- Partitio: Donate BP Hikari
- Osvald: Spring Boots Castti
- Castti: Concoct Forget-me-do + Lily of the Light

##### Turn 2
- Castti: Concoct Lily of the Light x4
- Hikari: HHR x2
- Partitio: Collect x4
- Osvald: Crit Scope

##### Turn 3
- Castti: Reinforcing Jam Partitio
- Osvald: L Stone
- Merchants: HHB x4

</Battle>

<Battle>

#### "Hikari" 25000HP 7S (Sword Axe Light)
- Defend, HHV x4, HHG x4

</Battle>

<Battle>

#### Enshrouded King 10S (Sword Spear Bow Staff Thunder Wind) Collect $26000
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Thunder M
- Partitio: HHR x3
- Osvald: Spring Boots Self
- Castti: Concoct Blusterbloom x3

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: E.Bottle x3
- Hikari: Collect x4
- Partitio: [LP] HHB x3
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 3
- Castti: Pom L Hikari
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Merchants: HHB x4

</Battle>

End after 5 cutscenes. GG!

### Changelog
#### 2/23/24
- Fix missing stuff from notes (thanks sneaky):
  - Pick Pom L outside Wellgrove
  - HHG x3 on Rou
  - Pick Sai Reinforcing Jam
  - Osvald Crit Scope on Enshrouded

#### 2/15/24
- Added Ritsu no Wind S script, use Double Slash
- Buy Blusterblooms for new Enshrouded script
- Change EM grind to start from Oresrush instead of Canalbrine
- Cut Light M & Shadow M in 
- Change what battles were killed and what were broken. Kill 2 Moose, break all Crackridge and Montwise.
- Cut Boost Start from Osvald and Castti.
- Pick Reinforcing Jam in Sai

Commit message:

Fix minor errors with Hikari notes

src/pages/Octopath-Traveler-II/Single-Story/Hikari.mdx, after:

import Layout from 'src/components/Octopath/layout'

export default ({ children }) => <Layout>{children}</Layout>;

<SEO title="Octopath Traveler II Hikari Single Story"/>

##### Battle 1
Attack x2 with both

##### Battle 2
- Hikari: Attack x2 Officer
- Ritsu: Wild Cut x2 Officer
- Rai Mei: Sweep x2

##### Battle 3
###### T1
- Hikari: Attack x2 General
- Ritsu: Wild Cut x2 General
- Rai Mei: Sweep

###### T2
- Hikari: Attack General
- Ritsu: Attack General
- Rai Mei: Sweep x3

Note if you got a Wind S drop.

Challenge: Aggressive Slash x2, Attack (Hachimongiri if miss)
Learn **Double Slash**. *Can skip if you have Wind S*
Pick **$1600** before Bribe.
Get **Fire S**.

<Battle>

#### Ritsu 1850HP 5S (Sword Bow Fire)
1. Fire S
2. Wind S
3. Aggressive Slash
4. Attack
5. Piercing Thrust x4
6. Attack
7. Defend
8. Attack
9. Aggressive Slash x2/3
10. Hienka x3/4

---

#### No Wind S
1. Attack Ritsu's Footman (Up)
2. Fire S
3. Hachimongiri x2 Ritsu's Footman
4. Double Slash
5. Attack (x2 if miss)
6. Double Slash
7. Piercing Thrust x4
8. Aggressive Slash x2 (no boost if miss)
9. Attack (If only 1 shield or Ritsu before you next turn and can kill you, Defend. Can also Heal)
10. Defend
11. Attack (Break) / Defend if 2 Shields left and Attack x2 next turn
12. Hienka x4

</Battle>

Go to Oresrush

### Oresrush
Get Partitio. Go towards Crackridge Harbor.
Pick **$1600**. Tag **Anchorage**, TP **Oresrush**.

### Oresrush
Purchase **Unerring Earring**.

> You can try to get all Conoct ingredients at Black Market instead of shops. If you do, skip all Conoct shops.

Go to Item Shop, buy **3 Darkdelion**. Hire guy for **Smooth Talker**.
TP **Crackridge Anchorage**, take boat to **New Delsta: Anchorage**.

### New Delsta Anchorage
Tag **Abandoned Village**.
Walk to **Cape Cold** area.
Walk to & get **Oswald**
Go to **Cape Cold**.

### Cape Cold
Mug: Icewind, Fireball x3
Pick **$2000**. 
TP **New Delsta Anchorage**. Take boat to **Beasting Bay: Anchorage**.

### Beasting Bay: Anchorage
Buy **White Powder**.
Take boat to **Canalbrine**.

### Canalbrine
Get Castti.
Turn in quest.
Go to Item Shop.

<Menu>

##### Buy
- 11 Lily of the Light

</Menu>

Go to Weapon Shop.

<Menu>

##### Buy
- Crit Earring

##### Sell
- Gold Items
- Crit M

</Menu>

TP **Abandoned Village**.

### Abandoned Village
Go to **Black Market**. Pick **Herb of Serenity**.
Get Cleric, then:

<Menu>

##### Buy
1 Fire S
1 Ice S
1 Thunder S
1 Fire M
1 Ice M
**7** Shadow M

</Menu>

TP **Ryu**.

### Ryu
Go to Item Shop.

<Menu>

##### Buy
3 Blusterbloom

</Menu>

Exit and head to Conning Creek.

Ryu Sands: Kill night battle with Shadow M
Canalbrine Bridge: Kill 2 land night battles with Shadow M.

Northern Conning Creek kill night battle with Shadow M. Then menu.

<Menu>

##### Skills
- Partitio: +Donate BP +Hired Help
- Osvald: +Lightning Bolt +Analyze

##### Equip Skills
- Partitio: +[2]Grow on Trees
- Osvald: +[2]Evasive Maneuvers

</Menu>

Western Conning Creek kill night battle with Shadow M.

### Conning Creek
Pick **Rainbow Bottle**. TP **New Delsta: Anchorage**

### New Delsta: Anchorage
Go to Inventor. Get ASA. Head to Montwise.
Bolderfall battle kill with Fire M.

### Montwise
Mug Dazzling Artwork guy (**Thunder** M)

TP **Crackridge Harbor: Anchorage**.

##### Crackridge Harbor: Anchorage
Head towards Merchant Guild. After battle menu.

<Menu>

##### Equip Skills
All: +[1]A Step Ahead

</Menu>

Southern Crackridge Wilds: Break encounter and flee. Pick **$6400**.
Western Crackridge Wilds: Break encounter and flee. Get **Merchant Guild**. Pick **Thunder M**. Pick **$8500**.
TP **Oresrush**.

### Oresrush
Head to **Wellgrove**.

##### Northern Wellgrove Trail
Pick **Wind M**. Kill battle with Shadow M + damage on Moose. Pick **Pom L**.

##### Eastern Wellgrove Trail
Kill battle with Shadow M + damage on Moose.
Enter **Wellgrove**. 

### Wellgrove
TP **Montwise**.

##### Montwise
Head towards Stormhail.
Western Montwise Pass: Break with Staff/Sword on front ones, Spear/Axe on Auroch.
Northern Montwise Pass: HHG x2 unless Big Monkey, then Osvald Attack x2 big one, Pom S Partitio, and Partitio Defend > HHG x4.

Southern Stormhail Snows: Reptalios & Snow Leopards HHGx3, others HHG x2

### Stormhail
Buy **Treasured Necklace** for quest.
Mug guy in Weapon Shop (Wind M)

<Menu>

##### Sell
Dazzling Artwork
Weapons
Accessories

</Menu>

TP **Montwise**.

### Montwise (C2)
Purchase **Wind M**.

<Menu>

> If short for Partitio, do it in menu after Ch.2

##### Jobs
- Hikari: Merchant, +Collect +Donate BP +Hired Help
- Partitio: +Collect
- Osvald: **Inventor**

##### Equip Skills
- Hikari: -[1]A Step Ahead +[1]Grow on Trees +[2]Boost Start
- Partitio: +[3] Boost Start

</Menu>

Challenge 1: Spear x3, Wind M
Challenge 2: Ice M
Challenge 3: HHG x2
Challenge 4: HHG x3

<Battle>

#### Bandelam 20000HP 6S (Spear Dagger Axe Fire Light)
##### Turn 1
- Partitio: HHR x2
- Osvald: Defend
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: (L) Axe x3
- Castti: Attack x3
- Hikari: HHG x4

</Battle>

TP **Oresrush**.

### Wellgrove (C3)

<Menu>

##### Equip Skills
- Hikari: +[4]A Step Ahead

</Menu>

Buy **Wind M & Wind L**.

Kill battle with HHG x2.
Pick **$10000**.

> You can get an Allmighty Soulstone from the elemental fight. If you do, you can skip the Thunder M in Castle Mei and use the Allmighty Soulstone on Lord Mugen T1.

Forced battle HHG x3

General Rou: Pom M, Spear x4, HHG x3

TP **Stormhail**

### Stormhail (C4)
Kunzo: Crit Scope, Merchants Defend. Collect x4 + HHB x4
Jin Mei: Attack, Attack, Defend, Wild Cut x2, Wild Cut x4

Pick **Thunder M**, **$16000**.

#### Mei Castle Battles
You want to ideally break and flee from these.

- (15%) [3]Clan Mei Spearman x2: Use Sword and Bow to break.
- (15%) [2]War Dog x2, [3]Clan Mei Spearman: Axe/Bow on Dogs, Sword/Bow on Spearman
- (15%) [4]Thunder Guardian Mk.II x2: Sword and Bow.
- (15%) [2]Albino Bat x4: Spear, Bow, Staff, Dark. Concoct with Castti?
- (15%) [3]Clan Mei Spearman, [2]War Dog, [1]Thunder Sentinel Mk.II: Can use any default weapon to break the Sentinel
- (15%) [3]Thunder Curator Mk.II, [4]Thunder Guardian Mk.II, [1]Thunder Sentinel Mk.II. Merchant breaks Curator
- (10%) [2]Albino Bat x2, [3]Frostwing Serpent: Spear/Staff everything, Castti does nothing.

> If you need money, can pick up **Nightmare Glaive**. Sells for $9000 with Smooth Talker.

<Battle>

#### Rai Mei 55000HP 7S (Sword Staff Ice Light) $36000 Collect
##### Turn 1
- M1: HHR x3
- M2: HHB x3
- Osvald: Crit Scope Rai Mei
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 2
- Castti: Lily of the Light x4
- M1: Pom L M2
- M2: HHB x4

##### Turn 3
- M1: Collect x2
- M2: HHG x2

> You can watch your money when you do HHG x2. Need $68820 to hit $83600 after this fight.

</Battle>

TP **Wellgrove**, head to **Ku**.

Eastern Wellgrove Trail: Walk to skip battle.
Western Sai Sands: Run from battle. Or break with Axe on back guys and Sword on Weed.
Pick **Reinforcing Jam**.
Eastern Ku Sands: S&Q.

### Southern Ku Sands (C5)
Buy 2 Forget-me-do. Can skip if drop somewhere and Castti has Latent.
Need **$83600**. Can sell Refreshing Jam + Nuts if needed.

<Battle>

#### Ritsu 75000HP 7S (Spear Bow Fire Shadow) $10000 Collect
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Spear
- Partitio: Attack
- Osvald: Spring Boots Self
- Castti: [LP if you have it] Forget-me-do + Darkdelion x2

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: E.Bottle x3
- Hikari: HHR x2
- Partitio: Donate BP Hikari
- Castti: Wind M

##### Turn 3
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Merchants: HHB x4

---

#### Partitio Latent Variation (~9s faster)
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Spear
- Partitio: Attack x3
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 2
- Castti: [LP if you have it] Forget-me-do + Darkdelion x3
- Osvald: Wind M
- Hikari: Defend
- Partitio: [LP] HHR x2

##### Turn 3
- Merchants: HHB x4

---

#### Partitio Latent Collect (~14s slower than no Collect Latent)
> This fight requires Hikari Ember

##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Ember
- Partitio: [LP] Collect x4
- Osvald: Spring Boots Self
- Castti: [LP if you have it] Forget-me-do + Darkdelion

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: Elemental Bottle x3
- Hikari: HHR
- Partitio: Donate BP Hikari
- Castti: Wind M

##### Turn 3
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Merchants: HHB x4

</Battle>

<Battle>

#### King Mugen 80000HP 6S (Spear Axe Thunder Light) $18000 Collect
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Thunder M
- Partitio: Donate BP Hikari
- Osvald: Spring Boots Castti
- Castti: Concoct Forget-me-do + Lily of the Light

##### Turn 2
- Castti: Concoct Lily of the Light x4
- Hikari: HHR x2
- Partitio: Collect x4
- Osvald: Crit Scope

##### Turn 3
- Castti: Reinforcing Jam Partitio
- Osvald: L Stone
- Merchants: HHB x4

</Battle>

<Battle>

#### "Hikari" 25000HP 7S (Sword Axe Light)
- Defend, HHV x4, HHG x4

</Battle>

<Battle>

#### Enshrouded King 10S (Sword Spear Bow Staff Thunder Wind) Collect $26000
##### Turn 1
- Hikari: Thunder M
- Partitio: HHR x3
- Osvald: Spring Boots Self
- Castti: Concoct Blusterbloom x3

##### Turn 2
- Osvald: E.Bottle x3
- Hikari: Collect x4
- Partitio: [LP] HHB x3
- Castti: Defend

##### Turn 3
- Castti: Pom L Hikari
- Osvald: Crit Scope
- Merchants: HHB x4

</Battle>

End after 5 cutscenes. GG!

### Changelog
#### 2/28/24
- Fix minor errors

#### 2/24/24
- Added note on Allmighty Soulstone drop (got it in the relay lol)
- Added note on how much money you need at Rai Mei HHGx2 to have enough for final bosses.

#### 2/23/24
- Fix missing stuff from notes (thanks sneaky):
  - Pick Pom L outside Wellgrove
  - HHG x3 on Rou
  - Pick Sai Reinforcing Jam
  - Osvald Crit Scope on Enshrouded

#### 2/15/24
- Added Ritsu no Wind S script, use Double Slash
- Buy Blusterblooms for new Enshrouded script
- Change EM grind to start from Oresrush instead of Canalbrine
- Cut Light M & Shadow M in 
- Change what battles were killed and what were broken. Kill 2 Moose, break all Crackridge and Montwise.
- Cut Boost Start from Osvald and Castti.
- Pick Reinforcing Jam in Sai
